$Id: README,v 1.2 1998/04/24 10:06:38 jauderho Exp jauderho $
 
  (C) Copyright 1997-98 Jauder Ho <jauderho@carumba.com>
 
INTRODUCTION

  Here is the protoype version of dennis, an automated DNS builder/maintainer.
  Right now it builds for a BIND 8 DNS master and BIND 4 slaves. That will
  change to allow a mixture of BIND 4 or 8 masters and slaves later. The zone
  files are built from an /etc/hosts style file. This could potentially expand
  to reading the data from an LDAP or SQL database later. A syntax checker is
  also included. It should catch duplicate IPs and other bogus entries. The
  format for the lookup files built is one file for the forward lookup and
  multiple for the reverse which depend on the first three octets of an IP.
  There is some built intelligence where dennis will figure out if zone files
  have changed (this can happen the first time you add an IP where a zone file
  for it does not already exist) and optionally mail hostmaster.

  This software is currently in use at KLA-Tencor and additional testing has
  been done at Transmeta Corporation. It is not a finished piece of work and
  should not be considered as such. It also assumes that you know a fair amount
  about BIND already, it is not meant to teach you how use BIND, rather than to
  automate what is a mostly repetitive task that might be prone to errors.

  The scripts should be setuid safe and you can choose to either make dennis
  setuid or just run it as root depending on your site security policy. If you
  discover any problems, please tell me.

MOTIVATION

  Frankly, I got tired of updating DNS by hand all the time. There were lots of
  times where I would update the forward lookup and forget the reverse. Silly
  things like forgetting to increment the serial number just add to needless
  pain. While I was at KLA-Tencor, there was this antiquted shell script that
  took 10-15 mins to rebuild the DNS every time. This is the rewrite. What used
  to take 10-15mins to build now takes less than 30s. It has been tested on a
  host table that has ~4500 entries and should have no real problems scaling.

REQUIREMENTS
  
  perl
	You can decided if you want the program to be setuid. But all scripts
	are setuid safe up to the latest version of perl i.e. they pass
	perl5.004_04's taint-checking.

  bind
  	As of now, you need to be running bind 8 on your master nameserver. I
	will resurrect the code to output bind 4 info as an option probably in
	a later release.

  RCS
  	This is for putting the hosts file under revision control.

AVAILABILITY
  
  It is available at the following site.

  http://www.slip.net/~jauderho/code/dennis/

MISC

  Why is this called dennis?
	Well DNS sounds like dennis if you sort of slur it so I decided to call
	it that for lack of a better name.
	
  Released under the GPL license. Do read it.
  Please send any bug reports/suggestions/comments to dennis@carumba.com.
 
  This is commentware. I am trying to speed up the process of getting a Green
  Card. Every favorable email that you send can (with your permission) be 
  used in my petition to the government. So if you find this software useful,
  do drop me a line saying so. Please include your title if possible. Thanks.
